h1. Disqus Ruby Gem

The Disqus Gem helps you easily integrate the "Disqus":http://disqus.com
commenting system into your website. It works for any site programmed in Ruby,
and has view helpers for Rails and Merb.

Supports for the Disqus Javascript widgets is stable. Disqus API support is
"beta."

h2. Get it

h3. Stable release (does not yet include API):

<code>
  gem install disqus
</code>

h3. Bleeding Edge (includes API):

<code>
  gem install norman-disqus  --source http://gems.github.com
</code>

h2. Use it:

h3. Configure it:

h4. Generic example:

<pre>
<code>
  Disqus::defaults[:account] = "my_account"
  Disqus::defaults[:api_key] = "my_api_key_from_disqus"
</code>
</pre>

h4. Rails-specific example:

<pre>
<code>
  # in config/development.rb (or production.rb, test.rb, etc.)
  config.after_initialize do
    Disqus::defaults[:account] = "my_disqus_account"
  end
</code>
</pre>
Note that here the "after initialize" is necessary, otherwise your settings
won't be set properly.


h3. Show the comment threads on a post page:

<pre>
<code>
  # Loads the commenting system
  disqus_thread
  
  # Or if you're not using Rails/Merb:
  Disqus::Widget::thread
  
  # Sets the inner html to the comment count for any links on the page that
  # have the anchor "disqus_thread". For example, "View Comments" below would
  # be replaced by "1 comment" or "23 comments" etc.
  # <a href="http://my.website/article-permalink#disqus_thread">View Comments</a>
  # <a href="http://my.website/different-permalink#disqus_thread">View Comments</a>
  disqus_comment_counts
  
  # Or if you're not using Rails/Merb:
  Disqus::Widget::comment_counts
</code>
</pre>

h3. Show the combo widget on a post page:

<pre>
<code>
  disqus_combo(:color => "blue", :hide_mods => false, :num_items => 20)
  
  # Or for non-Rails/Merb:
  Disqus::Widget::combo(:color => "blue", :hide_mods => false, :num_items => 20)
</code>
</pre>

h3. Show the comment count on a permalink:

<pre>
<code>
  link_to("Permalink", post_path(@post, :anchor => "disqus_thread"))
  ...
  disqus_comment_counts
  
  # Or for non-Rails/Merb:
  Disqus::Widget::comment_counts
</code>
</pre>    

h2. Hack it:

Github repository: http://github.com/norman/disqus

h2. Complain about it:

"norman@randomba.org":norman@randomba.org

h2. Learn more about Disqus:

"http://disqus.com":http://disqus.com

h2. Thanks to the following contributors:

* "Matt Van Horn":http://github.com/qhoxie - Disqus API
* "Quin Hoxie":http://github.com/qhoxie - Merb support

h2. Legal Stuff

The Disqus Ruby gem was not created by, nor is officially supported by
Disqus.com or Big Head Labs, Inc. Use it at your own risk and your own
responsibility under the terms of the MIT License.

Copyright (c) 2008 "Norman Clarke":norman@randomba.org, released under
the MIT license